I am an electrical engineer specialised in telecommunications, driven by curiosity and a passion for new challenges and professional experiences. I am a project manager who believes authoritativeness is more important than authority.
My profile ranges between the fields of digital communications and information technology. I got my start in 2005 as a radio frequency engineer, through Aircom International srl, a company that worked for big players in national telecommunications, travelling throughout the country. Later, hired by the Mashfrog Group, I began a period of consultancy for Public Administrations, specifically for the Lazio Region. Projects focused primarily on the reduction of the digital divide, like PiCoLAB (Small Town Broadband), SIRCCLA (Regional System for Connectivity and Cooperation of Lazio) and MEGALAB (Metropolitan eGovernrnent Application Laboratory), provided a challenging and highly educational experience, where I was tasked with managing the development of complex networks and infrastructure. 
At the same time, I had the opportunity to interact with large national corporations like Enel, Eni, Open Fiber, dealing with client satisfaction and managing, organising and supporting the delivery of projects. In this stage, I also dealt with writing technical-economic offers, responses to public tenders, proposals for new technical solutions and the identification of the best loyalty strategies for my company.
In my professional experience, I have coordinated several teams of professional figures such as engineers, web designers and communications specialists, dealing daily with both top management and the technical departments of the companies we provided services for.
I am familiar with the Team for Digital Transformation as a group of professionals with great technical skills, brought to life by the intention to change the state machine. I see the experience of working with the Team as a great challenge for change and personal improvement.
I have several hobbies, most of all sports: running and cycling, which I try to practice diligently.
I can count on the support of my family and my two children, who fall asleep in the evening with smiles on their faces.

